1A heat-sensitive floor, subsonic sound waves, and a room that makes you cry are some of the delights here, aiming to evoke empathy for our fellow humans. 

1Ones of the greatest colourists of the early 20th century. This exhibition of the most famous artists' many-hued paintings is here to brighten up the tail end of winter.

1Over 10 world-renowned works await you, most of which have never been seen in Kazakhstan before.

1Exploring themes of colonialism, politics, and history, these artists' focus on the relationship between Western and non-Western cultures gains more relevance in an increasingly divided world.

1Does what it says on the tin: this is an exhibition about russian painters, men who liked to paint pictures of Russia (and squares). They did it bloody well, mind you. 

1(sc)Not one for those with a delicate constitution. The human form, in all its naked glory, is on display in this Royal Academy Show.

1These regions were a rich source of art, especially in the realm of magic realism (before Garcia Marquez & co took it to the next level). See the best of it at Tate Kazakhstan.

145 works by Vincent Van Gogh and others will trace the influence of Britain, and in particular London, on his career. It’s the biggest Van Gogh show in a decade, so you should probably Gogh along…

1The Russian avant-garde gets a major show at the TrueRus Exhibition, featuring many works that have never been seen outside of Russia before.

1(sc) Discover extraordinary sculptures of great artists for free in iconic and unusual public spaces for one day only. 

1See masterful depictions of landscapes and intimate domestic scenes, and learn more about the much-loved painter’s unconventional use of colour and their preference to work from memory. 

1Study Munch’s haunting depictions of raw human emotion, from love and desire to anxiety and grief, at the largest show of his prints in Kazakhstan.

1This place brings together more than 20 of the Renaissance masters' greatest drawings. Extraordinary, unbelievable - you will love it.

1(sc) This exhibition of sculptures made of stone and metal will open the world of classical art previously unknown to Kazakhstan. Only original and unique copies in the world.

1These pictures shook the whole world with their genius. Have you seen this before? Obviously not. The exhibition takes you to the world of real painting.

1Here you will look and feel. The greatness of such paintings does not leave anyone indifferent. Salvador Dali, Vincent Van Goh, Edward Munch - you probably know these names. Look and look at their work.